.TH "CLR\-BOOT\-MANAGER" "1" "" "clr\-boot\-manager 1" "clr\-boot\-manager"

.SH "NAME"
clr\-boot\-manager \- Boot Loader Management

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP \w'\clr\-boot\-manager\fR\ 'u
\fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR [OPTIONS...]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR
exists to enable the correct maintainence of vendor kernels
and appropriate garbage collection tactics over the course of upgrades.
The implementation provides the means to enable correct cohabitation on
a shared boot directory, such as the EFI System Partition for UEFI-booting
operating systems.

Special care is taken to ensure the ESP is handled gracefully, and in the
instance that it is not already mounted, then \fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR will
automatically discover and mount it, and automatically unmount the ESP again
when it is complete.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The following options are understood:
.PP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR, \fBhelp\fR
.RS 4
Prints a help message\&.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-path\fR
.RS 4
Set the base path for boot management operations\&.
.RE
.PP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-image\fR
.RS 4
Force \fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR to run in image mode\&.
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR, \fBversion\fR
.RS 4
Print the version of \fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR  and exit\&.
.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"
.PP
The following commands are understood:

.PP
\fBreport-booted\fR
.RS 4
Report the current kernel as successfully booted. Ideally this should be
invoked from the accompanying systemd unit upon boot, in order for
\fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR to track known-booting kernels\&.
.RE

.PP
\fBupdate\fR
.RS 4
Perform an update operation on the configured boot directory. This will
analyze kernels available from the software distribution that are currently
installed, and pick the ideal candidates for installation.

This includes the current vendor selection for each kernel type,
the currently running kernel, and the most recent successfully booted kernel
of each type currently installed.

All other kernels not fitting these parameters are
then removed in accordance with vendor policy, and removed from the boot
directory. For UEFI systems this is the EFI System Partition.\&.
.RE

.PP
\fBset\-timeout\fR [TIMEOUT IN SECONDS]
.RS 4
Configure the timeout that will be used when next writing the boot loader
configuration, i.e. when \fBclr\-boot\-manager update\fR is called.
Setting this to a value of 0 will remove the timout entirely\&.
.RE

.PP
\fBget\-timeout\fR
.RS 4
Returns the currently configured timeout as set by \fBclr\-boot\-manager set\-timeout\fR\&.
.RE

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.PP
On success, 0 is returned, a non\-zero failure code otherwise\&

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
\fI$CBM_DEBUG\fR
.RS 4
Debug level to use within \fBclr\-boot\-manager\fR. This has various levels,
1 through 6, that will affect the level of debugging information printed during
execution. The default log level is \fB4\fR, errors and above.

\fB1\fR - Set output level to debug and above.

\fB2\fR - Set output level to info and above.

\fB3\fR - Set output level to success and above.

\fB4\fR - Set output level to error and above.

\fB5\fR - Set output level to warning and above.

\fB6\fR - Set output level to fatal only.\&

.RE

.PP
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.PP
Copyright © 2016-2017 Intel Corporation\&. License: Creative Commons
Attribution\-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported\s-2\u[1]\d\s+2\&.

.SH "NOTES"
.IP " 1." 4
Creative Commons Attribution\-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
.RS 4
\%http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
.RE
